[Music]
good morning good
afternoon welcome to techon soal
2025 it's thrilling to see 700 plus
attendees passionate individuals we'll
be attending the conference in the next
two days but before before we do that we
have to start with the the catastrophy
that happened in La the fires it
impacted so many people uh many of our
speakers that were supposed to be here
unfortunately were impacted and couldn't
be here so we'll just take a moment uh
to realize what happened and wish them
thoughts and prayers and hope that they
have a full and speedy recovery from the
damages that have been done
so what you should expect for the next
two days so what we be doing is we'll be
exploring The Cutting Edge of Technology
investment and Innovation landscape
across the country across the
world my name is vessel Mish I'm the
founder and CEO of techon soal and I'm
beyond excited to kick off what promises
to be a very interesting and
transformative days for the next two
days that you are
here today's team encapsulate four
powerful elements so techcon is based on
four building blocks Investments
Innovation inspiration and influence
you'll get to hear from investors who
are defining and investing in the future
you'll hear from innovators both in
large organizations as well as
entrepreneurs that are defining the
future you will have a inspiration panel
from people who are legends so we have a
panel later today from Mart with Marty
Cooper who made the first cell phone
call 50 plus years ago and it's a grand
Bell moment for In Our Lifetime
so we have speakers that Traverse a wide
spectrum of experiences and
domains these four pillars that are the
founding principles of techcon are the
pillars that drive that every Innovation
that you see you need you need
innovators you need Investments and you
need Visionaries who Define the future
they all have to come together and if
you look at every startup whether it's
two people in a room with no windows or
a large organization a Fortune 500 that
was a startup long time back it all
starts with the same way every
investment that fuels progress every
Innovation that drives us forward it
happens when people come together and
they exchange
ideas but more importantly these are the
elements that drive us to gather here
today and our goal is to learn to share
and to grow
together so this is the magic of techcon
SoCal what we are doing is bringing
people who have the power to transform
together take their dreams and make it a
reality create tangible Innovations
innovations that moves us forward as
Humanity as well as the industry as well
as
consumers and today each of you have a
part to become part of that Discovery in
the next two days so what do you expect
in techcon so they will be insightful
Keynotes we have two great Keynotes
tomorrow we will have fir side chats
with Legends of the industry that are
ones that are you know they transform
what we experien today thanks to them
and we will also have thought-provoking
panel discussions and you'll see people
with experiences and deep insights
sharing their experiences with all of
you so when you leave uh hopefully
tomorrow 6 p.m. or 6:20 p.m. uh you will
walk out with with having more knowledge
more relationships and more connections
than you walked in so what who who are
the different Technologies uh that you
will experience you will think you will
witness the startups that are defining
the AI landscape digital Health um you
will see SAS you will see deep teac it's
a wide spectrum of topics that will be
covered in the next two days so you have
an option you can choose to go deep in
one track or you can AC learn across
tracks you have the agenda you can
choose you know and manage your own
agenda what you want to experience
another interesting part is the exhibit
area so we'll open it up at 2:20 p.m. so
we will see amazing companies startups
services companies that will showcase
their offerings and products I highly
encourage all of you to go go there and
experience and talk to them you might
find your next investment you might find
your next uh product that you're
interested in or you you know like find
your next co-founder or U or
employer so you will um you will
experience around 40 plus companies that
are experiencing these companies uh
products tomorrow and
today but I think let's step back and
see why are we
here this is beyond technology this is
beyond the investment it's the people
it's all of us that are in this room
walking
outside the collective Brilliance and
creativity that we all bring that make
this event
extraordinary your questions insights
and willingness to share and collaborate
will drive the discussions for the next
two days and shape our
future I will encourage you to take full
opportunity and advantage of the
networking opportunity that you will see
whether it's in person we have a nice
app I would highly recommend connect
through that and um reach out to people
and uh build relationships
and the person sitting next to you might
be your next co-founder maybe your next
investor or maybe your next big
inspiration so I will say look around on
your left right in front and try to at
least meet one new person by before this
session
ends so now how did we make this happen
so just like any other ini initiative
that you have I will have to acknowledge
the team that's behind this it's it's a
it's a committed set of individuals that
get together together with a vision and
then make it
happen so this wouldn't be have been
possible without the organizers which
I'll be introducing very soon the
volunteers which you see wearing nice um
you know shirts with the nice logo and
also the sponsors which we're going to
recognize in more detail tomorrow
without their help this will not have
been possible it started with a dream
and every dream when it becomes a
reality you have to look back and say
who are the people who made it happen so
let's give them a big round of applause
in general like all the volunteers all
the organizers and all the
sponsors so as we embark on this
exciting Journey after my talk remember
that today is more than absorbing
information it's about challenging your
thinking sparking your creativity and
pushing the boundaries of what's
possible it's about being inspired and
inspiring others it's about creating a
ripple effect that extend beyond this
campus beyond the city across the
country and the world and influence
everyone so we can Define the future of
technology and
Innovation next I would like to express
my deepest gratitude to the key Partners
who made this event possible so we are a
small But Mighty team and you'll see
this uh uh you'll get to know these um
individuals very soon so when I call
your name please you know shake your um
you know wave your hand or stand up if
you are sitting uh so the first one is
Anika hijazi she is the CEO and CFO of
sales
layer s Pala he is the president of new
fund Neil Bloom he is the managing
partner and founder of interlock
Capital braad he is the founder of pure
proel thank you everyone I mean the the
countless um planning and the cist we
have 153 speakers right now over the
course of two days it's a major
undertaking coordination planning
defining the content um you know and you
you'll experience that in in the next
few
days next I would like to thank the the
sponsors uh without them it this event
would not have been possible so I will
name all these sponsors and then
tomorrow we have a recognition with them
in the morning so John G Watson
Foundation San Diego State
University citizens Private
Bank black
straw Terra
Logic
bitot the amazing app that you are
experiencing is built by bcot
mints diversa Partners UCSD and Nob
Martins so give a big round of applause
to all the sponsors and tomorrow we're
going to meet the faces behind
it so let me wrap it up so you can enjoy
the the the panel so welcome to techcon
2025 let's make the next two days
memorable and truly impactful thank you
and let's get started
[Music]